=encoding utf8

=head1 Buffy - a Few Good Slayers

=head2 About

I<Buffy: a Few Good Slayers> is a new piece of Buffy fanfiction set in a forked
version of the Buffy universe, starting from the end of the third season of
Buffy, while taking place many years later in 2014/2015 Sunnydale. The idea and
concept were created by L<Shlomi Fish|http://www.shlomifish.org/>.

=head2 What happened from 2000/2001

L<Faith|http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Faith_Lehane> turned out to have been a
good slayer after all, and prevented the mayor from ascending properly in
the last minute. She joins forces with Buffy and the
L<Scooby Gang|http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Scooby_Gang>, as an equal
co-slayer.

Faith starts dating L<Xander|http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Xander>, and they end
up falling in love. Xander grows more confident, and after some training and
some encouragement from Buffy and Faith becomes the world's first qualified
B<male> slayer, paving the road for other male slayers.

Faith and Xander marry after college, and have children. Buffy is able to cure
L<Angel|http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Angel> out of his vampiredom, and he
becomes a slayer, marries Buffy and they have children.

L<Willow|http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Willow> cures Oz out of his
werewolfness, becomes Dr. Willow Rosenberg, Ph.D., and one
of the most powerful witches (or wizards) known on Earth. Oz becomes a superb
wizard as well. he and Willow marry and have some children.

L<Giles|http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Rupert_Giles> becomes the principal of
Sunnydale high school where the whole gang is working as teachers, teaching
next generations of budding slayers, witches/wizards, watchers, etc. making
Sunnydale the Mecca of the slaying world.

L<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cordelia_Chase> moves out of Sunnydale, becomes
a scholar (Ph.D. + Professor), marries, has children, and mostly stays out of
the way of slaying. She remains friends with the gang and comes to visit
sometimes.

=head2 Theme

The show focuses on the following:

=head3 The Scooby Gang

At their early-to-mid-to-late-30s, Buffy, Faith, Xander, Willow, etc. have to
juggle between various priorities:

=over 4

=item * Their responsibilities as parents.

=item * Their responsibilities as spouses.

=item * Their responsibilities as teachers.

=item * The increasing culture gap between them and their students.

=item * Making sure that Sunnydale, and the world at large, remain safe of demonic activity and oblivious to it.

=item * Their mid-life crisis and their nostalgia to the 90s when they grew up.

=back

=head3 The High School Seniors

=head3 The High School Sophomores

=head4 Rebecca “Becky” Shepherd

One of the protagonists is a high school freshman wannabe-slayer called Rebecca
(or “Becky” for short) who is a Maternal Jewess and being a JAP (=
Jewish American Princess) is part of her image.

The tagline surrounding her is "You've got a lot of potential."

Heh, it's kind-of-like an in-your-face ironic jab.

Mel Brooks also did some stuff on it.

She's not really a JAP.

And certainly isn't when the film ends and she saves the day several times.

=head2 NOTES

    * The vampire who duplicates himself.
    ** "I was a mad scientist, but I was angry, they called me the angry
    scientist."
    ** Operation "cat-in-the-sack".
    ** Hebrew equivalent to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_in_a_poke
    * Buffy, Faith, and Willow discuss getting a dog.
    ** "I'm a cat person".
    ** "Ceiling cat is watching your dog pee"
    ** "My friend got a dog and guys keep hitting on/approaching her".
    *** "A slut?"
    *** More like polyamorous.
    *** Experimenting.
    *** She's only 25.
    ** "her".
    *** "A slut?"
    *** More like polyamorous.
    *** Experimenting.
    *** She's only 25.
    ** Glad we also know many single people and not structure our whole lives
    around our children.

    * Buffy factoids - L<http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/bits/facts/Buffy/>
    ** Not really true.
    ** Buffy: "I fought against Chuck Norris shortly after high school graduation and lost."
    ** Buffy is looking for an old book about cooking in the library.
    ** Becky finds the recipe using her Net-wisdom.
    ** Buffy: "Wow! You have so much potential! I think you'll make a wonderful slayer."

    * Cliff fought against Chuck Norris recently and won in two out of three rounds.
    ** Chuck Norris told him "You're not a loser if you keep fighting and losing manybattles. You're a bigger loser if you stop."
    ** He also fought against Summer Glau once and won all rounds.
    *** "She's pretty good, but loses many fights."

    * Becky enjoys Cliff calling her "brony girl".

    * Chankey saying he read
    L<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twenty_Thousand_Leagues_Under_the_Sea> and then knew better than to not seize opportunities because he's an Indian or whatever.
    ** He's a chick magnet at Sunnydale High School and enjoys it.
    ** What is with girls and Indian men?
    ** Becky saying a big and unathletic-looking Jewish divorced woman in Israel
    told her many Jewish married men offered to have an affair with her.
    ** Even some men can see beyond one's unaesthetical look.

    * Sarah Michelle Gellar (from the L<Selinaverse,http://buffyfanfiction.wikia.com/wiki/Selinaverse>) gets summoned as a kindred
    (from the Selinaverse) spirit.
    * - Willow: Buffy?
      - SMG: That's not my name, my.. oh wait! No I'm actually Sarah Michelle Perez,
      but everyone knows me as Sarah Michelle Gellar.
      - Willow and Giles: Who?
      - SMG: oh great! A world where I wasn't born.
        Let's get to business. [Uses her mobile] General, your men can come now.
      [ Lots of sounds of Jeeps, Helicopeters and infantry soldiers crying "Hail, Buffy!" ].

    * Helicopter soldier: "We gave them a fair match."
    * Buffy looking at the match which looks awful: "Who says it's fair?".
    * (Last Action Hero / Hamlet scene reference.)

=head2 Etymology of the Characters’ names

=head3 Rebecca "Becky" Shepherd

The Rebecca is a reference to several Rebeccas I have known including:

=over 4

=item * My late grandmother Rivkah Halperin-Fish

=item * Rebecca "Rebec" who is a health information worker and a geek.

=item * An American student who studied Medieval Near Eastern history in TAU.ac.il

Called "Becka" or "Beck":

L<http://mail.perl.org.il/pipermail/perl/2005-December/007560.html>

=item * Becky Alcorn from perlmeme.org

=back

I also wish to call my future daughter (if and when I have one) that.

Shepherd is a reference to L<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashton_Shepherd>
who is a wonderful Country singer.

=head3 Chankey Rajeesh

Chankey is a tribute to
L<http://stackoverflow.com/users/257635/chankey-pathak> with whom I have been
enjoying talking with. Rajeesh is a common Indian family name.

=head3 Cliff Farrel

"Cliff" may be a reference to the cat L<Clifford> or to L<Cliff>-notes.

L<Farrel> is a tribute to
L<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Farrell_%28actress%29> who played
L<http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/Jadzia_Dax> on I<Star Trek: Deep Space 9>.

=head3 Sarah Anne Eisenman

“Sarah” is a reference to
L<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarah_Michelle_Gellar>.
In the Beckyverse, Buffy believes that “Sarah” is the first name of her
kindred spirit (who eventually turns out to be Gellar after all, only the
one(s) from alternate realities), and it was part of the inspiration for
the character name for the show I<Sarah the Vampire Slayer>.

Anne was the middle name of L<http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/Buffy_Summers> from
the original show
L<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer_%28TV_series%29>.

L<Eisenman> is a reference to L<Tamar Eisenman|http://www.eisenwoman.com/> (
L<Twitter|http://twitter.com/eisenwoman>,
L<Facebook|http://www.facebook.com/tamareisenman>,
L<YouTube|http://www.youtube.com/user/eisenwoman> ) a.k.a the “Eisenwoman” who
is an Israeli singer I am partial to. This lastname was in part picked for
its natural L<Ashkenazi Jewish|http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashkenazi_Jews>
ring, and possibly its similarity to
L<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalie_Portman> ’s last name, who is the actress
who both plays Sarah Anne Eisenman on the fictional show
I<Sarah the Vampire Slayer>, and who, in the Beckyverse, was the Alpha Female
of the L<Web 1.0|http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_1.0#.22Web_1.0.22> era (and
somewhat later) instead of Sarah Michelle Gellar.

=cut
